---
layout: post
title: Kickoff
---

Today is the day that I start this blog. I decided to call it **Cosmic Cafe** because of a friend at my job has a blog that is called **Quantum Tea** and I really liked that one. Today I will be starting a new initiative that I have dubbed _The Arcturus Initiative_. This initiative is meant to see if I can push the limits of technology and medical science to increase or accelerate the capacity and processes that govern the human mind. Essentially, I'm trying to see if there is any way that I can make myself smarter. Smarter being a relative term, it is hard to say if this initative is worth anything, but we'll see where it goes.

I have decided that the best way to go about actualising this initiative is by doing my expieriments in almost complete secret and seeing if key people see a difference in me. The project setup is as so:

- I will begin two highly regmimented **Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS)** treatments. One will be in the morning before I go to work, the other will be in the evening after I get off. The morning treatment will be directed at increasing my problem solving skills by attatching the electrodes to the parts my prefrontal cortex that are responsible for pattern recognition and abstract reasoning. The second treatment will take place in the evening after work where I will attach the electrodes to the parts of my temporal lobe that are associated with episodic memory and long-term memory formation. In this, I expect that I will begin to become more effective at my job because I will be able to create more effective solutions to problems as well as remember nuanced information at a more rapid pace.

- After about two weeks doing only my tDCS regiment, I will begin to take various **Nootropic** supplements in order to maximise the overall capabilities of my mind. The idea is that I will take several of these suppliments in conjunction with my regiment. 

I know that this sounds crazy, but the idea to do this started after I saw the movie _Limitless_ about five years ago. I know that it will be impossible to become limitless in the sense that the movie portrays, but even if I can get a fraction of those effects, I can become significantly better in all aspects of my life than I currently am.

I am the sole patient of _The Arcturus Initiative_, but there are several participants. Alison H. is one of my closest friends at my job, I have told her absolutely nothing about this experiment in the hopes that after a month of continuous treatment, I can request feedback on my job performance as she sees it. If she notices that there has been a non-trivial change in my skill or behaviour, then I will have positive evidence that the treatments are working. My friends Victoria and Ian have also been conscripted into the experiment as unwitting monitors on my social behaviour. Whereas Alison is in place to monitor my professional skills, they are responsible for monitoring my social behaviour. Again, after a month, their feedback will be invaluable in determining the effectivness of the treatments. The final person who is participating on this is my sister, Artimis. She is also the only person besides myself that knows what the purpose of this experiment is, or even is aware of it. Artimis' role is important due to the fact that I will need to talk to someone about the effects that I am experianceing throughout. She  will be in charge of assessing my mental states on a regular basis. I truely trust no one to the extent that I trust her, so she hopfuly she will be able to spot any problems with me before even I realise that they are problems.

-Orion
