---
layout: post
title: Day 10
---

Day 10 is here and I am still a high-functioning member of society, so at least I know that I can do this experiment uninterrupted for over a week before any negative side affects begin to appear. Speaking of, I have yet to discover any negative side affects. It would appear that there are none, though with only a 10-day, 20 treatment dataset I suppose nothing can be ruled out yet.  

On day 8 I noticed a side affect that was a bit hard to describe. I had completed the DARPA montage and was at work when I noticed a sensation akin to light-headedness. It wasn't quite light headedness because it lacked the feeling of unease or brainfog; however, it was similar to it in that I was hyper aware of my surroundings and myself. It was as if my spatial reasoning was hightened for the next two hours. Again, this was an observed side affect that did not happen immediatley after the treatment but rather an hour afterwards.

On day 9 I attempted two tratments back-to-back. The first one was an accelerated language learning montage that had me put the anode on my dorsolateral prefrontal cortex while the second treatment was the DARPA montage. I studied French on Duolingo while undergoing the first treatment and felt as if it was easier to go through with them. I am aware that this could have been placebo so I will continue doing this montage; however, I will not be doing the treatments in such close proximity. On day 9 I foudn that the affects of the DARPA montage were significantly less affective than they had been up unitl that point. I think that the impotancy of the treatment may have to do with the fact that I did two treatments within the same hour. In order to test this hypothesis, I will only do the DARPA montage before work and will do the language learning montage after I get off. I suspect that this will allow me to experiance the benenfites of both treaments being that they will be over eight hours apart. Time will tell.

-Echo
