---
layout: post
title: Day 6
---

As of today I have undergone 12 rounds of tDCS treatments and I must say, they have made one hell of a difference. All this week I have been more clear headed and focused than I have ever been. Little things that would have distracted me have been virtually silent in my mind. Yesterday, Friday, I was asked by a co-worker, Kevin, if I was doing anything special. Apperantly he noticed that this week I was very much "on ball", which was his way of saying that I exibited positive atypical behaviour or skill level. At first I was worried that 2mA was going to be too subtle a charge to demonstrate nontrivial change but it would appear that my reservations were unfounded. One more week of this and who knows how much faster I will be able to accumulate and synthesise data. I'm pretty happy with the results, needless to say.

I have found a website that has a few tDCS electrode placement suggestions that purportedly cause all manner of benefites. I'm was pretty nervous about following their placements but after trying it on the fourth day, I found that the montage allowed me to have razor-sharp focus. I was excited to try the placement again but I was dissapointed on day five to find that there was no percivable cognative enhancement. I have resolved to make weekend sessions optional, so today I am using another placement that apperantly makes social situations easier. The montage affects the parts of the aprts of the Parietal Lobe that are responsible for facial recognition and body language perception. I'm going to a barbeque for a friend today and will be around his family and some of my other co-workers. This sounds like the perfect conditions by which to test the immediacy of affects that tDCS provides.

-Echo 

