---
layout: post
title: Day 16 
---
I know that the phase two of the initiative was supposed to begin on day 15 but due to shipping delay the neuropharmecuticals did not arrive until yesterday evening. I'm beggining today, day 16 off as the official day that I begin phase two. That means that I will be taking 30 miligrams of Noopept and 250 milligrams of Alpha-GPC sublingualy on top of the tCDS therapy. I have resolved myself to focus on a montage of my own disovery, which I have said in previous posts, but I will henceforth reffer to as the Arcturus Montage (a little vain? yes, but no one will ever read this anyway so I don't think that it matters!).

I took a two day break last weekend, which Is why I did not post anything for three days. I found that when I started the tCDS therapy on day 15 that I demonstrated little-to-no cognitive improvment. I think that today will be different though. It seems to be that at the beginning of the weeks that the affects of the therapies aren't perceptable, but by the end of the work week (Friday), the effects are almost super-charged. Last Friday I indulged in quite a lot of drinking and use of recreational marijuana but found that the effects of these substances had extreamly diminished effect on me. I predict that the addition of the neuropharmecuticals in phase two will only increase the dampenning effects of the tCDS therapy. Fingers crossed that things work out today!

-Echo

***UPDATE***
I have found that the general consensus about noopept may have been over-optomistic. It is not that I have found noopept to be dissappointing, because I certainly have not: it certainly has helped me focus better. I'm not sure if the batch that I bought was impotent or if I'm not taking enough for the affects to be noticable, but it just lacks the level of heightening that everyone else seems to feel after taking it. While it is true that I am not doing this initiative for a high, I am doing it to push the limits of the human mind, and have thus far been underamused with the performance of this neuropharmecutical with respect to the hype that it seems to be generating. Perhaps I will take a slightly higher dose tomorrow and see what that holds for me.
 
