---
layout: post
title: Day 11
---

As it were, the effects of the tDCS treaments seem to have become diminished. While I was at work yesterday I felt none of the  change in clarity that I had experienced last week. It would appear that the affects of tDCS treatments are either relatively short lived or become imperceptible over time. I must admit, though I did expect the affects to diminish over time, I did not expect for them to level out so quickly. It has been shocking to see the difference in the way the blind monitors have regarded me. My monitors seem to have noticed the positive affects of the treatments all last week; they were quick to solicit my opinons and take them seriously. This week has been a recursion to the way things were before I did the treatment: they seem to ignore my opinions, which I began to give out of a greater sense of confidence but were innevitably wrong. Had this been last week, I may have been able to surmise the correct answer for any number of things; however, it would appear that I am no longer limitless.  

I solidified what neuropharmecuticals I will begin taking for phase two of the experiment, which begins next week. I have found pharmecutical grade Noopept, Sunifiram, Alpha-GPC, Pirmiractam, and Adrafinil. Each one of these pharmacuticals have been chosen for a very specific reason. The research that I have done on them would indicated that, when combined, they are as close to the _NZT_ as possible while also being safe at recommended dosages. I will provide greater details as phase two of this initative begins. Sufficed to say, I need this to work... I'm betting my career on it.

-Echo 

